Update Reference Table with Delete feature (#14774)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/reference-tables.md

 
Once the table is saved, the upserted rows are processed asynchronously and updated in the preview. It may take up to 10 minutes for the update to complete. 

## Delete a Reference Table

> To delete a Reference Table, select a table, click the gear icon in the top right corner and then click **Delete Table**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a Reference Table, select a table, click the gear icon in the top right corner, and then click **Delete Table**.
```

> The table and all associated rows will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table and all associated rows is deleted.
```

> If there is a Lookup Processor using a Reference Table for Log enrichment, then the enrichment will stop. It may take up to 10 minutes for the enrichment  to stop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a Lookup Processor using a Reference Table for Log enrichment, then the enrichment stops. It may take up to 10 minutes for the enrichment to stop.
```
